was already doing today man I tell you
what I wish still had a YouTube back
when I was a kid where I can watch how
guys play you see some tremendous talent
out there nowadays the only one thing I
see on there that's a little disturbing
you see a lot of young guys this is to
get a camera on they going
draw bond and then most guys are never
going to play for dream theater or rush
or bang like that they're not going to
play a lot of those maybe a drum solo
but I ripped me a lot of you young guys
get a click track metronome as some
people call it learn to play for the
song stay off symbols so much doubt the
Tom's learn to play all the different
grooves learn to play in time and
sacrifice fills and showmanship and all
that stuff and double bass and all that
till you learn to play good solid beats
the base printer will love you more but
gets our farewell let me more as a
singer will really love you more play
for the song and make it sound good make
it drive and you'll you'll have time for
that other stuff later on but develop a
good base first before you get into all
that leaks and tricks okay hey